

HUMAN CONTEXT, HUMAN DELIVERY
Hey, hey, I got news. You gotta clap for me, cuz this is big.
Ok, quiet down. Get this.
I'm no longer single. *throws hands up*
That's RIGHT folks. I met him on tinder. Swiped right as fast as my fingers could move.
His name's Bill. Or something. He's a math nerd.
I totally got dinner with him just yesterday. He counted calories for me.
He's got a real appetite. He had a couple orders of pie for dessert.
He's just the sweetest. He even offered to calculate the tip.
He says he's got quite the temper. Lotta ways to push his buttons. I would love to push his buttons.
His last girlfriend left him when she passed her math class.
I'm not taking any math classes right now. I SWEAR. *throws hands up*
It's really hard making friends with smart people.
They always think they're smarter than you. Then you find out how stupid they are when they ask you out.
I can't imagine what life will be like without him by my side. Yeah, I know it's only been a day.
But we'll have many more years together until he goes senile.
That's how you know it's true love. It's calculated.

ROBOT CONTEXT, HUMAN DELIVERY
Hey, hey, I got news. You gotta clap for me, cuz this is big.
Ok, quiet down. Get this.
I'm no longer single. *throws hands up*
That's RIGHT folks. I met him on tinder. Swiped right as fast as my motors could turn.
Which is about this fast. *motions*
His name's Aldebaran. Or something. He's a really geeky robot.
I totally got dinner with him just yesterday.
We would talk and then take a byte together. He's got a real appetite. He took mega-bytes.
He's just the sweetest. His algorithms are absolutely beautiful. He even offered to calculate the tip.
he says he's got quite the temper. Lotta ways to push his buttons. I would love to push his buttons.
His last girlfriend left him when he ran out of battery this one time.
I would never do that. I SWEAR. *throws hands up*
It's really hard to stick with other robots.
You see, we don't have smartphone capabilities. It's a lot harder to put a ringer on it.
I can't imagine what life will be like without him by my side. Yeah, I know it's only been a day.
But we'll have many more years until him battery starts to fail.
That's how you know it's true love. It's calculated.
