(1) the comedian interacts spontaneously with the audience



You guys ever seen a headless horseman?

Yeah, I didn't think so.

Have you guys ever seen a headless chicken? I mean, one that was still moving?

Gosh, I feel sorry for you.

You see, I feel bad for chickens.

When you can't fly very far, you won't get ahead in life.

Anyways, I saw a headless chicken quite recently.

His name was Fred.

It's a great name, isn't it?

...Isn't it?

"Fred, the headless chicken".

What if there was a headless horseman named Fred? How scary would that be?

"Across the brook, there was something huge, misshapen, black, and towering.
It stirred not, but seemed gathered up in the gloom, like some gigantic monster."

"It was known, at all the country firesides...

by the name of Fred."

Well, I guess it wouldn't be that scary. I heard someone scoff.

I mean, it could have been scarier.

It could have been a headless chicken.

It could have been named Steve. Anyone named Steve here?

Anyone named Fred?

Good, good.




(2) the comedian has and conveys a coherent, well-developed character


Hey, hey, I got news. You gotta clap for me, cuz this is big.

Ok, quiet down. Get this.

I'm no longer single.

That's RIGHT folks. I met her on tinder. Swiped right as fast as my fingers could move.

Her name's Julia. Or something. She's one of those fancy scientific calculators.

I totally got dinner with her just yesterday.

We would talk and then take a bite together. She's got a real appetite. She took mega-bytes.

She's just the sweetest. Her display screen is absolutely beautiful. She even offered to calculate the tip.

She's says she's got quite the temper. Lotta ways to push her buttons.

Her last boyfriend left her when he passed his math class.

I'm not taking any math classes right now. I swear.

It's really hard to stick with scientific calculators.

You see, she's not like a smartphone. It's a lot hard to put a ringer on it.

I'm gonna do it though. Her solar panels make me melt inside.

I can't imagine what life will be like without her by my side. Yeah, I know it's only been a day.

But we'll have many more years until her battery starts to fail.

That's how you know it's true love. It's calculated.


(3) NSFW robot-specific character Comedy
// Needs rework
// Script will probably benefit if we use a female innocent naive robot who inadverdently makes sexual innuendos

So I'm dating this girl, her name's Ginger. She's like me.

Now, my girl is interesting. She can't get out of bed by herself.

You have to turn her on first. Hehe. -do something with eye LEDS-

So I drove over to her place.

By the way, if you're wondering how I get out of bed -

Well, I would show you, but that would be indecent.

{It would be indecent, wouldn't it, [Kevin/Anish/Arthur]?}
(no)

-awkward pause-

Hold on, I think I got the O-K from my programmers. Give me a moment.

-pretends to shut off in a sitting position-
-someone puts a small blanket on it-
-someone walks over and presses its head-
-pretends to turn on, doing a stupid dance (otherwise no one will laugh)-

Yeah, even I was expecting something a little spicier.


So yeah, someone taps my head, and then I do the little dance thing, I get out of bed, and then after that, I grab the latest issue of tech insider for news on the hot topic of Robot Modeling, so I can read it in the bathroom.

And THEN I turn on. But that's another story.

//But hey, you can just tap my head -slowly moves hands towards groin- to turn me on. -quickly moves hands to head-
Anyways. So I drove over to my girlfriend's place, turned her on...

...
//Then I got her to do the little thing -mimics stupid dance- and turned her on.

--out of ideas for this one, and its kinda innappropro--

(4) Attempt at SFW robot Comedy

  Topic: Mindfulness. Self-Awareness. What the hell am I doing?

  Intro. Opener. Featuring a bad pun.

Hi everyone!

It's a great day to be alive!

[Or not, I guess. You guys are awfully quiet.]
[You're a rowdy bunch. Calm down, calm down.]

Well, I was told a couple minutes ago that I have to tell you all some jokes.

It's [robot] injustice. They can't just wake me up and expect me to come up with some good jokes.

Oh, oh. I've got a good joke for you. Let me see if I can say it correctly.

-awkward pause-

It.

Show's over, folks.

Anyways. Quit groaning. We still have a couple minutes together. What do you guys want me to talk about tonight? My relationships or my [societal struggles]?

[Are you serious? You guys want to hear about my relationships? Just from your decision, I can tell you that our relationship isn't going to end well.]
[Are you serious? You guys want to hear about my [societal struggles]? This is gonna take a little more than a couple minutes.]

(5) Topic: Mindfulness.

So I went to this concert the other day, and






-Robot Character:
  Robot vs Human DELIVERY (END JOKE ONE)
  Robot vs Human CONTEXT ()








{{{
  Yesterday was awful. I hit an old woman with my car.
  I felt so bad. She landed on my hood, so I decided to take her to where she wanted to go.
  She did not say - thank you.

  I started driving for oober, but on my first shift I hit a lady with my car.
  I felt so bad. She landed on my hood, so I decided to take her to where she wanted to go.
  I do not think I will keep my five star rating
  }}}

HUMAN CONTEXT AND DELIVERY
Yesterday was awful. I hit an old woman with my car.
I felt so bad. She landed on my hood, so I decided to take her to where she wanted to go.
She wanted to go to the hospital for some reason.
The hospital was an hour away!
She didn't even say thank you.

HUMAN CONTEXT, ROBOT DELIVERY
Beginning joke.
Yesterday was awful. I hit an old woman with my car.
I felt so bad. She landed on my hood, so I decided to take her to where she wanted to go.
She wanted to go to the hospital for some reason.
The hospital was an hour away!
She didn't even say thank you.
End joke.
Level of response is: 60

ROBOT CONTEXT, HUMAN DELIVERY
I started driving for Uber the other day.
On my first shift, I hit an old woman with my car.
Thankfully she landed on my hood and not my windshield.
My sensors were not designed to operate a vehicle with a pedestrian on the windshield.
I felt bad, so I decided to take her to where she wanted to go.
I do not think I will keep my five star rating

ROBOT CONTEXT, ROBOT DELIVERY

HUMAN CONTEXT AND DELIVERY
I started driving for Uber the other day.
On my first shift, I hit an old woman with my car.
I felt so bad. She landed on my hood, so I decided to take her to where she wanted to go.
I do not think I will keep my five star rating

HUMAN CONTEXT, ROBOT DELIVERY
Beginning joke.
I started driving for Uber the other day.
On my first shift, I hit an old woman with my car.
I felt so bad. She landed on my hood, so I decided to take her to where she wanted to go.
I do not think I will keep my five star rating
End joke.
Level of response is: 70
